This is a head-gum original.
The Instudium 2.
Friday December 30th, another year in the books, I don't know what else to say,
let's get this shit over with because we all have New Year's Eve to get to, you know what I mean?
Yeah, you usually date it to when we record, so it's cool to see you thinking about,
because right now it's December 13th, just a Tuesday afternoon.
So much will also happen between now and the 30th.
Wow, that's...
Bond of the week, this week is, we say, I'm gonna show.
Oh yeah, we got Billy Skiffiery back on again.
Brad Hild, making his return after a month's long, I ate, it's really an
Amir Blumentfeld who just recorded with Adam Demarco from White Lotus.
Did I miss anything?
God, man.
Just a bit behind the curtain.
Let's see if we can get this episode done in 30 minutes.
My turn, my turn, my turn.
People behind the curtain right before we hit record Jeff said,
I have to edit this thing immediately.
So if you find Jeff operating with past today listeners, that's why.
I think I'm operating with patience.
No.
Do you have a flight home like three hours or something?
Yeah, I'm going to bask.
Where?
I'm going to bask in the sunlight.
London.
I've got a flight to catch to bask in paradise.
That's really funny.
He tells himself.
Brad, who's your bottom of the week, man?
Harry Potter.
That's a fictional character.
Well, Daniel Radcliffe.
It's time for a bondy with a wandy.
That's good.
That was really good.
Let's go.
Did you have that prepped?
No.
My wife has been re-listening to all the Harry Potter audiobooks.
It's time for a bondy with a wandy.
So in James Bond's next movie, he has a wand.
Harry Potter is James.
So it's Daniel Radcliffe as James.
As Harry James Potter as nice James Bond.
Harry James Bond Potter.
That's really good.
That's one of the best.
So I don't even have the bad.
I'm going to jump the button.
That's one of the best bonds of the week recently.
Brad.
And the fact that it wasn't even planned is incredible.
Well, it feels sour by that interaction.
But that was a really satisfying.
I'm here.
It's hard not to 70's dad.
My body not to react to that.
Like I know it didn't mean anything, but my fighter flight.
You can't tell your brain that that meant nothing.
Harry.
That's really good.
James bonds.
It's time for a bonds with a bondsy.
Yeah.
Oh, what about a bondy?
Well, thank me and freed.
And it's time for a bondsy scheme.
That's good.
Also good.
It's time for a bondsy with a bondsy.
Yeah.
I wonder where back from the freed will be on December 30th.
Like we are right now.
Oh, no.
I got a third bond of the week.
Nobu Matsuhisa.
It's time for a bond zoo.
Like bondsu.
Did you just wipe your mouth or are you buying yourself time?
In that moment, Jeff.
A little bit above.
I had some vanilla ice cream before this.
Just come to get the, uh, glucose.
Brad, how's your, um, how's your life?
I haven't talked to you in a couple of months.
I do see a Van Lewin bag.
So the ice cream thing might not be a joke.
Did you, um, postmates Van Lewin?
It's already pretty expensive.
So I can only imagine that's like a 20 to 40 dollar pint of ice cream.
Yeah, delivered.
Uh, my roommate got that delivered.
I just had a court of briars.
A court.
An entire court.
But I have a court in the freezer.
I have like three bites.
One 30 PM rolls around and you're like, it's time for my briars.
There's briars.
I screwed in the fridge at the office.
Vanilla.
No, that's dryers.
And I'm not even, that's, that's eddies.
Did you get that ice cream too?
He spent like $150 on dairy.
The last time I was on this podcast.
It was.
It has an ad shirt.
Oh, yeah.
Well, spoiler alert.
Yeah.
And I got a dairy rich episode coming up.
Spoiler just for me.
Cost him like 150 bucks.
There's dryers and there's briars.
There's dryers in the freezer at the office.
Did Adam ask about that?
He didn't notice.
I looked at it before he arrived.
And thought of it after he had left.
Let's keep it going.
You know, I'm the only one trying to force any energy into this.
I think Billy's coming in with some energy.
Brad looks.
I guess hindered and Amir looks tired from the previous record.
So hindered?
What's that?
What do you mean by hindered?
It looks like something's holding you back.
And I don't know if I should dive into that.
Or if I want to give you your privacy.
Well, you asked me how I was.
And then we started talking about ice cream for like two minutes.
Okay.
I'm good, by the way.
Really?
Yeah.
What's the best thing that's happened to you in the past 16 weeks?
I booked a trip to LA next month.
Well, I guess next month if this is the 30th.
So we should hang, man.
I'm down.
But I am going to.
I just have to like warn you.
I'm doing a job.
No, I was talking to Billy and Amir.
Solid.
That was really good.
And we are playing hang, man.
Yeah.
Brad is low key in Fuego right now.
He is on fire.
He's just landing.
He's heating up.
Let's see if that's their plans.
Billy, how is your sex life?
Because you just moved to Highland Park.
And I'm wondering if the move sort of reunited the spark between you.
And I've actively been trying to be a kinder guest to you.
The past couple of times.
But these are the moments where you trick the worst in.
You trigger the worst in me with questions like this.
I'm just moving on and I'll maintain my positive energy and good vibes.
Okay.
Amir.
What about you?
I'm doing well.
I hit a game winning three with Billy on Sunday.
Billy passed me the ball and I hit a three and the game ended on it.
And I said game when he shot it, which makes it extra cool.
That's what the party went in.
Yeah.
You shot it.
It was in the air and I said game.
It felt so.
That's awesome.
That's cool.
I wish I heard the game part of it.
Well, I did.
That's cool.
I'm sure other people heard it.
So it would have been risky if I'd break it bad.
Yeah.
And you said game.
I'd look like an idiot.
Everyone would tease me.
Jesus.
Teach up by you.
Jesus Christ.
Shit.
Jeff, you're really bringing your knees into the frame.
Well, it's hard.
You know, like they have to do face the light.
But this is a couch that's like obviously facing this way.
So I'm sitting down.
Yeah.
What's that?
There's plenty of seating.
Why?
Why are you?
Why are you sitting like that?
Why am I sitting like that?
Or just why do I exist?
Why are you?
Why?
What's keep shit going?
You know, like I said, this is coming out December 30.
Ron's birthday.
LeBron James's birthday is December 30.
He's 30.
Thirty.
Thirty eight.
You're turning 40.
Right.
I was talking about LeBron.
Yeah.
Um.
Jesus.
Tiger Woods too.
Also on the 30th.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
The two.
What do they ask for in the same day?
It's interesting because like every time Brad and Billy talk,
they're really some dopamine because I like to hear what they have to say.
And then every time a mirror talks, it's like the inverse of that.
It's like instant like seasonal effect of disorder.
But the drama is.
Yeah.
I'm a him.
Slaps of season.
Do you think, um, a holy night ever takes a moment to be like,
I'm really him.
Is a holy night a him or a crown?
That looks violent on your face right now.
Jeff, it looks like that would be uncomfortable for me.
That's a trial and light.
Good.
Holy healed.
Scuff your e.
Omir's cock.
You should have said it last day.
Brad healed.
Scuff your e.
Blue and filled.
Brad, can you say something?
Uh, I agree with him here.
I think that would have been better.
I think you kind of dropped the ball on the song on the day.
You dropped the ball on the song slash day.
Yeah.
Just in general on this day.
Um, December 30th.
End of the year.
Even though we're not on our holiday break just yet.
Everyone else pretty much is.
Some people might be working, but you know,
I feel like people don't have as much time to listen to this shit anyways.
So let's see if we can squeeze this episode in in 30 minutes.
Right?
What are we at right now?
We're at 11.
And we've a lot to get into.
We've had an attitude to have.
I think it's a helpful attitude to have because like people are fucking busy.
New Year's Eve is tomorrow.
People have resolutions that they need to like lock in.
People have parties.
Maybe people want to like get away.
They're visiting home.
They want to get away from their family.
They want to listen to their favorite podcast.
And it's this fucking show for some reason.
What are you doing for New Year's?
Let's say that.
Let it refer the holidays.
Me?
Yeah.
You're not.
You're not from Portland.
No, we're not.
We don't really have any friends here.
So we're going to find something to do.
Not to bring the vibe down.
Maybe we don't know how.
Haven't your hunt for friends.
How does one go about that?
I don't know.
Maybe you.
I'm just shooting from the hip here to try and give you New Year's plans.
But maybe you list like 10 different types of people.
You want in your social circle for 2020.
That could get dangerous.
Didn't you go out and see who could find them?
Brad, I actually, one of Georgia's friends from Cincinnati lives in Portland.
And I met her like a couple months ago.
And I was like, oh, like, she just moved there too.
And she's trying to make friends.
And I was like, you would vibe with my friend Brad or lives in Portland.
So I'm good.
That was so fast.
Let's take it into news of the day.
Um, Drake considered proposing 42 times.
And memorialized exes with a chain featuring 42 diamond engagement rings.
That's way too many.
Yeah.
You saw that.
We're losing 42 times to this.
So much so that he, no, to 42 different people so much so that he bought them
fucking rings and then didn't ask.
And then kept the rings and put them on a chain.
Are you listening?
That's he 42 times bought a engagement ring.
And then never ever gave them out.
And then to memorialize the 42 times he put them on a chain.
Yeah.
Imagine going to buy ring 37.
This is going to change things.
This one will be different.
Yeah.
Five more rings.
I don't believe that story quite frankly.
Okay.
Well, it's per complex and billionaire.
You guys did a project for complex.
So unless you think everything complex does is bullshit.
I think you would believe the headline, right?
Or was the series never came out.
It was bullshit in the end.
Yeah.
Like, complex ended up selling to this other company that ended up
shuddering down.
Yeah.
It was like a right wing comedy company.
It was getting pretty funny.
Yeah.
Well, is it rated red?
And their home page was just like a cowboy trying to catch a chicken.
And we're like, all right.
Well, that's fun here.
Yeah.
It was all right.
It was pretty fun.
Actually.
GQ reports that in our hyper niche style era, there's a core for everyone, right?
There's cowboy core, gorp core, cottage core, norm core, et cetera.
So I wanted to talk about what each others cores are, right?
Norm.
Yours is norm core.
Yeah.
Like, sort of thought yours was like dialysis core.
Just in terms of like the wiry grays.
Nice.
And the overall era of stray.
That has to do with kidney failure.
What's that?
My harbing gray.
I just feel like you look ill most of the time.
You look at ease and also like, you know, it seems like when you go home at night, you have to plug yourself into a machine.
Yeah.
Jeff, can you give us all of our cores?
You gave him your his dialysis core.
What kind of core are you giving me?
I feel like you're like athletes your core.
It's definitely elevated.
It's not like Lulu Lemon nonsense, but like the other day you were wearing that Boris had me sweatshirt.
It was kind of vintage.
And then like the pants, which are like not tight fitting, but like tailored.
Can you guys hear that?
Yeah.
Sounds like a train.
I moved to a canyon to not have this kind of shit.
And I feel like I have half a mind to open the window and say stop that.
This dude's trimming hedges.
That's fine.
No, it's not.
LA's full creatives.
Like there's someone.
Oh my god.
Brad, you're climb core.
Climb core, I guess.
I thought that would.
I thought you would really like that.
You're crunch core.
Which honestly sounds like cereal.
This guy sucks.
Stop!
He's doing his job.
You're doing yours.
Some better than others is.
Is this legitimately harder?
Yeah, he is getting actually a really close shave.
It's a kind of visual ASMR in a way.
I mean, there, I think I'm dumb core.
You're sort of baggy core.
You're really baggy loose fitting clothes.
I'm wearing like the Bruce Springsteen jeans right now though.
Well, not really actually, but like yeah.
Like how much excess fabric is in the shirt.
Like take your pants off.
It probably goes all the way down to your knees.
There's so much fabric.
It's a fucking blouse.
It's a parachute.
There's so much excess fabric.
You're supposed to do the bag.
The big shirt with the fine pants.
Jerry's.
I don't know.
I'd label you clumsy core too.
The clumsy core.
I've been in person with you.
The room has been a mess.
Like a five-year-old just like spills and like stains that weren't cleaned.
Okay, okay.
Let's, let's rain it in.
With the messy shit.
Uh, although there is a ring light that fell that I didn't bother to pick up over there.
That's kind of still on.
Are you wearing white sneakers?
I'm not wearing any shoes because I'm not a fucking monster in the house.
Monster in the house.
I'm not having shoes on.
Free.
That was a courties in the house.
I don't love it.
Really, either got him or maybe go, he made him go to a place.
Not only did that not work at all.
You guys don't even know what the reference is to know how wrong it was.
Okay, Brad knows.
I know a courties in the house is.
Here are the 10 luckiest baby names of 2022.
Let's kick things off with Raphael.
New luckiest?
Yeah, there's also a Lakshmi.
This is per parent's magazine.
Felix?
Like these kids got good news in their first year or something.
What makes them lucky?
Does it explain? Does people explain?
Uh, it says need some inspiration.
Psychic in ball honeg man.
Partner.
Needs of inspiration.
Psychic in ball honeg man partnered with online casinos.couk.
Now we're going somewhere.
And forebears.io to compile the most popular lucky baby names of 2022.
Some of the names literally translate to lucky, like Amen and Sadia.
Well, I have an association with luck.
For example, iris derived from the Greek word for rainbow.
No matter which one you choose, your child might be rewarded with hope,
serendipity and good fortune.
And then it's Raphael.
Lakshmi.
Felix.
Sad.
S-A-I-E-S-A-I-D.
Maybe it's Saeed.
Saeed.
Ganesh.
Saadia.
Amen.
And iris.
And Daniel.
And Greg.
Um, I really want to get the appetisters on the show.
I feel like that would be funny.
Very good luck.
Good luck.
There's no way.
Nor would it be a good episode.
How would you reach out?
What would your email say?
Oh, my son, you suck.
Well, my friend is loose friends with iris.
So I'd rather be like, yeah, like they hung out a couple times.
She was almost in a movie that he did.
But he produced.
She was like attached and then she had a conflict.
Loose is a tough word before friend.
Yeah.
I was a loose friend.
That's the only inside track.
The worst thing is thieves.
According to USA today, why can't we be friends?
Lack of social contact harms Americans mental and physical health.
So my question is, amir, how do you deal with social isolation?
I don't have social isolation.
That's what I mean.
I mean, constant contact with dozens of friends.
Both socially and digitally.
Can confirm.
Bread.
Help.
Help me.
He's going to confirm with a mere bread, Lee.
All right.
An apple news article today was titled, they vaporized a trillion dollars.
Then they vanished.
So they what?
Vaped cash and then died?
Is this the FTX scandal that crypto money?
Or does it mean actually setting cash on fire?
Um, it was like an audio article.
Yeah.
So I didn't.
God.
Well, I didn't ultimately do my new diligence.
There was no sort of sweat equity to be had there.
What I will say is that Thursday I worked from 10 a.m. to what to midnight 30.
Then Friday I worked from noon to 11 30 p.m.
Then Saturday I worked from noon to 11 p.m.
And then Sunday I worked noon to 10 p.m.
And then yesterday I worked noon to 11 p.m.
So in this morning, shut up for a second.
And then this morning, I had a meeting from 10 a.m. to one p.m.
outlined this episode between one and two and now we're recording it too.
So I haven't had a mental break since last Wednesday morning.
Sounds like you're having a mental break right now.
That's funny.
Uh, that's not exactly how you reach out to a friend.
You should go yell at the landscape outside some more.
He stopped.
So now it's actually the perfect time.
He'll hear me.
Hey.
He's walking away.
Uh, he's taking a quick break.
But, uh, seriously, thank you guys so much for being here today.
I really appreciate it.
And, uh, let's think some sponsors get some of this cash.
Let's get this bag.
Uh, Namaste.
Our next partner has a product that I literally use every day.
And it's called athletic greens.
I started taking athletic greens because I'm not a healthy individual, right?
Uh, I also used to take a bunch of different pills and vitamins in an attempt to be healthy.
But it ultimately was too many of the little fuckers that I stopped doing it.
It was hard to be consistent with athletic greens.
It's easy.
All right.
It's just one scoop of athletic greens AG1 in a couple of water every day.
I take it in the morning.
I do water.
Athletic greens cold brew.
I'm set.
I'm off to the races.
Rat or otherwise.
Uh, I also have a lot of sleep issues.
And athletic greens has helped me.
I am guys happy to say that I'm gotten on a somewhat normal sleeping schedule.
And I have to assume at least half the reason is because of athletic greens AG1.
So what is this stuff?
Well, with one delicious scoop of athletic greens, you're absorbing 75 high quality vitamins,
minerals, whole foods, or superfoods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune system,
your energy, recovery, focus and aging.
All the things.
Uh, again, I kind of take it in the morning.
It's part of my morning routine at this point.
Uh, and I look forward to it.
I, you know, it helps me feel like I'm doing something right.
If I have my water, if I have my athletic greens up, I have my coffee.
I've done something right already.
And it's not even 10 30.
You know what I mean?
Uh, it's lifestyle friendly, whether you're meaning whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy,
free, or gluten free, it's all for you.
It contains less than one gram of sugar, no GMOs, no nasty chemicals, or artificial anything,
while still tasting good.
It also supports better sleep quality and recovery.
Supports mental clarity and alertness.
And it's the one thing with the best things because athletic greens uses the best of the best product
products based on the latest science with constant product iterations and third party testing.
It costs less than $3 a day and you're investing in your health.
And it's also cheaper than your cold brew habit.
I have both, but that's fine.
It's also cheaper than getting all the different supplements yourself.
I used to spend hundreds of dollars.
Every couple months on supplements.
Now, it's all less than $3 a day with athletic greens.
And you're investing in all in one nutritional insurance.
Right now, it's time to reclaim your health.
And our immune system with convenient daily nutrition, especially heading into the winter, which is as we know, cold and flu season.
This is just one scoop in a cup of water every day.
No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health.
And to make it easy, athletic greens is going to give you a free one year supply of immune supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
Vitamin D is so important, guys, especially if you don't live somewhere that's sunny all the time.
All you have to do is visit athleticreens.com slash.
What's that?
Again, that's athleticreens.com slash.
To take ownership of your health and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
Thanks, athletic greens.
And we're back, or should I say, and we're bad, right?
It's time to play a new game that we have never played on the show.
Let's see if we can get this whole thing done in seven minutes.
Kind of knock it out in 30.
Welcome to Bass Master.
Have you guys seen Bass Master?
I don't think so.
All right, it's a British panel show.
Well, this is Bass Master, right?
So I'm going to shoot a couple of Bass Words at you as in words that from the language of Bass, which is sort of this like,
ethnicity, ethno region, I guess, would be the word that straddles along between France and Germany, and it's a dying language.
So I thought that we could kind of keep it alive.
Bass in the language of Bass.
So here we go.
For every word you correctly translate from Bass to English, I'll give you oven when you're five dollars.
Here we go.
Kai show.
What do we think that means?
Day.
Nearby.
Uh, it's got to be something dumb.
Joy.
Joy?
You think joy is dumb?
He looks like joy dumb.
Kai show is hello.
Uh, all right.
Jatexia.
I'll go with goodbye.
It's a good guess.
Thank you.
I'm going to go food.
Brad was close.
It's actually restaurant.
Uh, here we go.
Zortheon.
Loving that buzzer coming in after each word.
Um, good morning.
Good luck.
Are you, you googled that?
No, I speak bass.
That's absolutely correct.
Brad has five bucks to his name.
Here we go.
Brad spelling that correctly.
Zortheon.
You exclaimed that twice.
You spelled that phonetically perfect.
I'll never tell.
Did you google it?
Because I'm not going to give you cash.
It wasn't fun or tell.
It was the way you said it.
It was like a muzzle of Jeff's body position right now.
It's just top now.
One arm fully back.
Offering a lover.
Sorry.
My landlord is leaving.
I'm distracted.
Shit because they're super.
It's like really fucking shiny.
And yeah.
Is arm acting as a kickstand.
Jeff has Albert Brooks core.
I get that.
Kamuna Nondago.
Persona Nondaga.
That's just what you're thinking.
This is unbelievable.
Both of my landlords are leaving at the same time.
And this guy is now trimming our hedges.
I guess he works for both of these buildings.
You have two landlords?
They're married.
That's awesome.
Kamuna Nondago.
I'm your guest.
Persona Nondrada.
Let's get guesses from Brad and Will.
Left.
Like the left hand or left foot.
There's actually no English translation.
Where are the toilets?
Oh, here we go.
Oh, so on, though.
There are the toilets.
Very well.
Good night.
It's very good.
Brad is also disqualified from the game.
Just using Google translate, which did not get that one correct.
Because we are trying to, we have three minutes left.
We have a whole other segment.
It's kind of crazy.
Or caught to.
What?
Bar caught to.
Brad any guesses?
I was also going to.
I'm also going to go with bark.
That's a French dog.
Soccer.
Correct answer is excuse me.
Bar caught to.
The man who is rushing to make this a 30 minute episode is taking his sweet time.
That was bass master.
The only person who made any cash would have been Brad, but he cheated.
So no, we've got to join anybody.
Did you guys like that game?
No.
I don't remember.
Really.
To remember the actual bass words.
Obviously not.
Well, you had Osoando.
You had Bar caught to.
Bar caught to.
We have to move on.
Wow.
Bar caught to.
You get out of this show.
What you put into this show, right?
So when you guys come at me with sour, you're going to get sour in return.
When you come at this with joy with participation, with genuine enthusiasm, you'll
leave feeling that way as well.
You started the whole thing was I came on here.
I'd never met Billy before.
I said nice to meet you when you said it.
Is it?
I just didn't think it would.
The meeting I watched it happen.
I was an objective third party.
It looked like it was a fine meeting.
It did not seem like it was great to meet him.
And same from Billy.
If I got on a zoom and I saw you in this frame Brad, I would not be like, oh, can't
wait for the next 45 minutes.
That's wrong with this frame.
There's so much going on in the background.
You have the overhead lights on.
You should never use overhead lights.
You should only use floor lamps.
It's also daytime.
Why is it on?
Master.
This you were going to have sales.
You have a microphone on a mic arm.
And you're not a podcaster.
I sound a mic arm.
It's a stand.
And I play music asshole.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Everybody has a right here.
I just get into it.
You're stupid.
I'm gonna start.
Yes.
Brad wins.
Oh.
I just got my freaking ass hand and turn it back.
That.
That was unexpected.
Yeah.
Because you came out of him.
And then he did this.
Don't talk about my frame.
I'm very good.
Fucker.
Um.
It's that time of the year again, guys.
It's new years.
The turning of the tide.
It's the changing of the season.
Twenty twenty three is nigh.
And nigh.
I don't know.
Fuckin' twenty four hours away.
Forty eight hours away.
Forty seven.
Actually.
Pacific time.
I think it's important that we reflect.
That we project.
And that we expect.
Success.
Um.
For the next year.
Right.
So Brad, you were hired this year.
Um.
I had gum.
It's been a joy to work with you.
And very far away from you at the company.
Both have been true and both have been good.
Um.
You mean.
Haha.
Uh.
No.
I met Brad at the offsite.
The company retreat.
We had a ball.
We had a blast.
We had the ball to.
Make it last.
Shake our ass.
And shake our ass at whatever the fuck that wretched club was called.
We went to in.
Scottsdale, Arizona.
Um.
So could you just speak to your year Brad?
Like, what you regret?
What you experienced joy?
What?
Why?
And maybe what a resolution or nine would be for 2023.
Let's start with you.
You want me to do 10 resolutions?
I said a resolution or nine.
Or nine.
Okay.
Got it.
Well, this year.
Sorry.
I thought you were going to say something.
Is the music going to keep going?
Do you want other silence while you'd like?
No.
This is good.
I just wanted to be sure.
Uh.
Yeah.
It's had ups and downs.
It's been six months.
It had gum.
And I've made so many new connections, so many new friends.
It was so nice to get to know everyone and work with everyone at the company.
And although I may be far away in Portland, Oregon.
So many people have come to visit me.
I had Marty in town.
I had Joel.
One of his goals.
I got to meet Billy and a mirror from the Bucket's podcast.
And then I had to do this show for five times.
And got to her.
I had to.
All right.
And that pretty much sums it up.
If I had to pick a resolution and probably be to make a friend.
I'm offering you a friend on a silver platter in her name.
I'm good.
Okay.
Ideally, the friend wouldn't know you.
Any sexual resolutions?
Billy?
Pass.
On the whole thing?
Just the sexual stuff.
Then Billy, how was your 2022?
Let's reflect.
Let's expect success.
What?
What did you enjoy?
What did you regret?
How did you regress?
And name some of your success?
And then let's do a resolution or nine for the next calendar year.
It was a good year.
I moved into a new home that has a lovely yard.
A mirror has visited.
And then how did you grow and change, too?
Also add that on the hand.
How did you grow and change?
My hair got longer.
And from a change standpoint, I think that I just...
I think I'm just trying to grow up a little bit more.
Trying to shed some of the boy qualities and transition to the man.
It's a good goal.
Shut up.
I would say from my resolution,
I'd like to hit 190 pounds in 2023.
Is that losing weight or gaining weight?
That would be like gaining 10 pounds.
Why?
Perfect downbeat.
I'd go back.
I didn't go to a gym.
All of the pandemic.
And now I've joined a gym.
Got it.
What about sensual resolution?
So it's not sexual.
But like, how do you want to use your senses?
Smell, sight, taste, oral.
I'd like to commit to putting on more moisturizer.
Very good.
Skin hair.
Skin and hair.
Yeah.
I started doing a skin routine.
Sarah V.
Obviously cleans the shit.
A little bit of moisturizer.
It's a facial moisturizer.
No, you're right.
I'm here.
What did you ask me?
I've said it twice now.
But yeah, here it goes for a third time.
Sorry, audience.
You can blame a mirror that I'm saying the same exact fucking sentence for the third time.
How did you grow and change this past year?
What are your regrets?
How did you expect success?
And for next year, a resolution or nine?
Let's hear it.
How did you expect success?
Makes no sense.
He's committed to it.
It means nothing.
How did you expect success?
Sorry, I'm here to force yours.
I expected it unconditionally.
And without honor.
And I hope to be using my phone less as always in 2023.
Heck yeah.
Drop your skin care routine, King.
Sarah Vita cleans the shit.
Moisturizer all around.
Under eye cream.
A little bit of vitamin C serum.
That's how you go.
You guys are all around.
All around.
And then I'm all around.
And then I'm here.
What about a sensual resolution, right?
So something, well, way that you want to experience.
Light.
You don't want to see here taste or feel anything new in the next year.
Asked and answered.
Wow.
Okay.
Um.
Anybody want to know how I expected success?
Sure.
We heard it 52 times this year.
Does anybody want to know how I expected success?
Or do you all not care about how I was expecting it?
I think, you know, I was living in New York at the beginning of the year.
I don't know what else to say.
And then I made the decision to come back to LA.
And it paid dividends.
You know, professionally and personally.
Sexually and sensually.
Real T-wise too.
I had to move.
I got kicked out of my old home.
Really.
It was more than a house.
It was.
It was made over the past two and a half years into a home.
You know, a home base.
Um.
A comfort haven for the road slash ages.
But ultimately it never was on the road.
It was because that was where I would return to after a hard day's work.
Um.
And that's obviously jarring.
You know what I mean?
You get COVID.
And the day you test negative, you have to move boxes upon boxes upon boxes.
Like that can't help but shake things up for the better.
And now I live in a canyon.
And the walls that hug me.
Each and every morning noon and Eve.
In part there wisdom.
In part there.
Honestly.
Joy.
On to me.
And I can't help but feel like.
It's.
Going to leave just some kind of.
Positive growth.
And that's why I'm expecting success.
Uh.
Next year.
You have such an opportunity.
Perfect.
It was done.
It was.
You were done.
And the violin goes.
And.
The.
Not.
And.
30 minutes.
So tight.
30.
He's done.
And.
We're on our fifth.
Um.
And a resolution for next year.
Is.
I want to do a couple of live shows of this show.
I don't care who's on them.
The biggest obstacle with those is going to be getting.
I'm here in Marika.
I want to go anywhere.
But.
Uh.
You know, I think last week's episode with Billy Ska Fury.
And Corey Lane.
Alex Burkeman and Marika.
Uh.
If anything, it proved.
The only to be.
Yeah.
Not only to be a hit, but to.
Serve as an example of an episode, which was a.
A hit.
A banger.
That doesn't need anyone, frankly, that works.
The network on it.
And.
Um.
So yeah, I'm excited to do a show in L.A.
Maybe in San Francisco.
Maybe in Big Sur.
Maybe in New York.
Maybe I have gone podcast tour.
I love to make it happen.
But at the very least in L.A. show.
And in that regard, I am.
True to my word.
Good.
Wrap it up.
This is crazy.
This is mental.
This is a big.
Sir.
In that regard.
I'm sure you were.
Wrap it up.
Dude.
It's been like five minutes of just you.
Uh.
Your van.
Um.
And camping.
I really want to do a show at the Henry Miller Library in Big Sur.
Because they have this outdoor amphitheater.
I was talking to Danny in case he about this yesterday.
Uh, they have this outdoor scrolling so much, right?
They have this outdoor amphitheater in the woods next to the library.
That like a bunch of like old folk bands have played that.
Can't really cool.
It's really.
And Danny was like, if a tree falls.
So I think it'd be funny if like eight people show up.
But we still do a full episode.
Um, and you know, a big part of the idea of doing that tour or even just one show in L.A.
is what keeps me going.
You know, it's not just the audience reaction on a weekly basis.
It's also the goals that I have set for the show, right?
And, uh, if you don't have something to aim for, uh,
I think you'll fall for anything.
And, uh, that's a big reason too.
I think I try to use this platform to encourage people to be their best selves.
You know, I don't try to squash anyone down on this.
I try to lift people up to experience joy.
And to be wise, uh, and on that note,
I'd also like to release some limited edition headgun podcast merch.
So that's all I'll say.
What?
That's all I'll say.
So, now must stay to you.
Now must stay to yours.
And now must stay on the beat.
Uh, so a couple more things, uh,
the ways that I've changed this year have also been
concurrent with the changing landscape of media.
I would say, right?
So like, we've been in the podcast game for a minute.
I don't know what else to say.
And, uh, with that comes a certain adaptability to not only the show itself,
as it goes and grows through time,
but also normal conversation, right?
So I'll be at like 4100 bar and like talking to a stranger.
And I know how to hold my own now more than I ever did,
because of the conversations that we share on this platform.
Because of the ways that we all listen to each other.
It's this ping pong dialogue back and forth.
And, you know, I can't help but use that to put other people on
notice.
I'm coming for your head, Conan.
I'm coming for your head.
Scott Ockerman.
Ball off Tompkins.
This time next year, the show is going to be the biggest show on spot.
I can hold.
And, um, if there's one last thing that I can impart onto
the, I guess it would be go out and in 2023, spread joy, legs, and libel.
I have a heart out in three minutes as a heads up.
I have a heart on in two.
I didn't want to mention the heart out,
just talk for 11 minutes.
Here we go.
Um, that was all I had to say.
At Jeffery James on Instagram, at Jeffery and Twitter,
I'm going to head out, but y'all, you can plug you guys a
stuff.
James out.
Terrible ending.
That was a hit dumb original.